1. ........(Playing football) is one of the ........(most pleasure things) of what I do. 
2. I suppose If I had to choose one ..... (person, thing, subject) it would be ......(elon musk, mathematics)
3. The more ... (I, you) .... verb (use) English; the more your skills will improve and the higher your chance of getting the score you need.
4. He is prone to making mistakes under pressure. 
5. The illustration demonstrates the process of producing electricity in a nuclear power station.
6. When I was [time/event], I [feeling/action].   -- When I was in school, I hated it very much. -- when I first started to learn english, I found it very difficult. 
7. But I think the beauty of cooking is that the more I cook, the more I develop an interest and a love for it. 
   S- When I was a child, I didn't like cooking at all. But I think the beauty of cooking is that the more I cook, the more I develop an interest and love for it.  
8. My favorite teacher was a woman named Michelle. - The teacher I liked the most was a woman named Michelle as She was kind, supportive, and always encouraged me to study hard. - The city I liked the most is called Paris. It's famous for beautiful views and landmarks. 
9. I'd say the hardest "time during" my work that was difficult was when I was in univeristy, -- I'd say the most beautiful place I ever visited was 
10. I think they really do it to grab the attention or to be funny, which isn't funny at all, to be honest. 
11. To be honest, I don't know about this topic. I am not from hotel management background and I don't know much about cooking. But if I had to give an answer, it's very difficult to predict th future, but I what would i say is maybe ai will change how the restaurant take orders, and how they deliver the food. But that's just a complete guess. 
12. I am not sure if I am getting this right , but I think there are certains things that should be avoided .
13. In a way it's true, 
14. I'm not too familiar with the topic of AI and it's realtion with education. However, in my knowledge, I do know that AI is developing more and more, and it might 
15. I can just cuddle up in a blanket near the bonfire 
16. It has a significant impact on the people around you. 
17. In the past (time).. few years, few decades , (....) have (v3) an essential part of our life 
18. Over the past few years, I have learned a lot about programming. 
19. an essential part of our daily lives 
20. What goes in, never comes out, unless it's dead. 
“People have problems with pollution.”
Say:
“People often suffer from pollution-related diseases.”
Success often depends on resilience and perseverance rather than talent alone. 